An A-rank "capture" target. She is the first non-player who is aware of the protagonist's powers and can sense whenever he uses a 'Load' to go back in time.
Bathtub Bonding: Invoked. In chapter 27, she forces main character to share a bath with her, no modesty towels. Aside from a bit of flirting, and foreplay, which she openly enjoys, nothing happens.
Big, Screwed-Up Family: As if being forced to be a Yakuza boss by her grandfather wasn't bad enough, in chapter 29, we learn that his younger brother is worse!
Blessed with Suck: She's the ruler of a Yakuza clan, but she has no friends, no rivals, no love interests, misses out on most social clues, and has been beaten for the "crime" of being happy so long in her childhood that she's utterly jaded and bored, turning to prostitution for a shot at entertainment. She finds "normal life" with main character far more entertaining than anything she's ever experienced before.
Chekhov's Gunman: It's a good thing main character earned her favor while investigating Akamine, because if he didn't, Akamine would have drugged and killed him...
It happens again when main character gives her a ring, as a gift, but that ring's design happens to coincidentally match the insignia of a Human Sacrifice cult. The cult attacks her only to learn, too late, just what kind of hornet's nest they'd be provoking, thus bringing her to main character's rescue.
Clingy Jealous Girl: Though she is not clingy, she is insanely jealous, emphasis on insanely, towards main character, nearly killing him a few times when she thought he was attracted to another woman.
Clone by Conversion: Though he didn't change her appearance, her grandfather only praised her when she acted like he did, slowly but surely pushing the yakuza clan into her hands, and she hates it!
Deceased Parents Are the Best: Her parents died shielding her in an automobile accident caused by terrorists setting off bombs in the city.
Femme Fatale: Uses the lure of sex as a trap. Anyone who takes her up on it tends to die, if they're lucky. She's thrilled with main character because he sees through it.
Finger Gun: She makes the gesture at several points, but it's never a game. She always has snipers around watching and if she points it and goes "bang," it's Boom, Headshot! for you.
Freakiness Shame: Is ashamed of the burn on her arm. When main character saw it and didn't ether run away in disgust nor pity her, she became fascinated with him.
Freudian Excuse: She used to be a happy and energetic girl, and then her mafioso grandfather beat her for the "crime" of being happy.
Gilded Cage: Her life has been a prison. She gets the best material goods in the world, and can have people killed with but a gesture, but her movements are strictly monitored and controlled. She can't stand it, and given a choice would burn her entire mafia clan to the ground if she could.
Groin Attack: main character manages to "kidnap" her and separate her from her yakuza for a brief time in chapters 25 and 26. She proves to him that she's still dangerous without them by kicking him in the groin with so much force, he's on the ground, immobile.
Hypocritical Heartwarming: She's a Sword of Damocles on main character, but anyone else comes after him, and she will bring her entire Yakuza clan down on their head.
I Am Not Pretty: She's suffered so much rejection, ridicule, and disgust from the burn on her arm that she's unbelievably jaded and thinks main character calling her "pretty" is a bald-faced lie. In chapter 27, main character massages and licks her burn, tenderly, proving that it's simply a part of the package that is the stunningly gorgeous Kusora. She gets up and marches out of the bath, embarrassed, and then wonders just what the heck she's feeling.
I Just Want to Be Normal: Hates being seen as a mafia princess and wants to be a normal girl. While main character treats her with respect because she can have him killed with but a gesture, he still has the stones to call her out when she steps out of line, and otherwise treats her as an equal. This fascinates her.
I Love You Because I Can't Control You: What she likes most about main character is that he literally drags her around to places and things she's never seen before, like Karaoke, or instant ramen shops.
Insane Troll Logic: "I've thought about killing you a few times, but didn't. Isn't that the same as saving you?" Said when main character was atop her after he pulled a Diving Save to save her life from a sniper, and her bodyguards had guns drawn upon him.
Internal Reveal: To save Yurea from Richiko's bomb, in chapter 39, main character uses the black ball and pulls her inside with him, which means she knows what he can do know. In chapter 42, she still knows and is aware that he can turn back time somehow.
It's Personal: She's willing to overlook Sayaka's attack on herself once Sayaka's convinced she's innocent of the death of her elder sister, because said elder sister died in her home, working as her maid. Kusora wants main character and Sayaka to tell her who's actually responsible, so she can gun down the perpetrator, personally.
Mafia Princess: Daughter and heir of a mafia clan, and hates it.
Mood-Swinger: Her emotional state is wildly unpredictable, even for her. She's frequently gone from "happy and perky" to Tranquil Fury and back again, not to mention everything in between, without warning. Often without any reason or rhyme.
Noodle Incident: What, just what, happened to her arm to give her that scar. Considering its shape, completely encircling her left arm, the chances of it being accidental are remote, especially considering that it's a burn scar.
The Only One Allowed to Defeat You: In chapter 33, she tells main character that she's the only one allowed to kill him as a romantic gesture. main character is rightly stunned.
Relationship Reset Button: Twice. The first time was due to the Timey-Wimey Ball effect from the time-travel arc. The second time was due to a [Load] being used to rescue her from a sudden triple typhoon event. Hasegawa was able to fix it the first time because he could use [Sunglasses] to negate the [Medicine] but the second time, the cause is unknown, and if he doesn't fix it, his life is at risk.
Ripple-Effect-Proof Memory: Chapter 29.2 reveals that she carries over memories from previous saves, even if it's only intermittent, by showing the Bathtub Bonding incident that didn't occur in the current time-line.
Sacrificed Basic Skill for Awesome Training: Lost her childhood, and most social skills, in exchange for becoming the ruler of a powerful Yakuza clan. She does not think the trade was fair, and wishes she could trade it back.
Scars are Forever: Has a terrible scar on her left arm.
Self-Harm: A flashback shows us how that scar came to be on her arm. As a result of her grandfather refusing to let her mourn the death of her parents, she grew numb. Then he forced her to watch him engaged in torture. So in order to feel something, she used the torture implements on herself!
"Shut Up" Kiss: Gets one from Hasegawa in chapter 29.2. She claims that it meant nothing to her, but as soon as he's gone, she rubs her lips in an affectionate manner and goes full-tilt What Is This Feeling?
Slasher Smile: She sports these whenever she wants to be particularly threatening, like when she warns main character not to betray her, or she tries to tempt him into sex.
Sword of Damocles: She brings the constant threat of death if main character fails to amuse her.
Sympathetic P.O.V.: We get to see her backstory through her eyes.
Technical Virgin: If she's telling the truth, despite dabbling in prostitution, she has yet to experience sexual intercourse. Mostly because her previous "clients" were disgusted by her scar and called it quits as soon as they saw it. She has, however, on-screen, given a footjob to main character against his will.
This Means War!: When she and Hikami meet as he's being hospitalized by leftover cultists, she proclaims that if Hikami gets too close to main character, it will be open warfare between the two of them.
Tsundere: Combined with Yandere. She is obsessed with main character, and really wants to own him, but she's too jaded and scared to admit it.
Used to Be a Sweet Child: As a little girl, she was happy and energetic, then her grandfather literally beat that out of her.
"Well Done, Son" Guy: Growing up, all she wanted was her grandfather's time and praise. Starting at five years old, the only time her grandfather praised her was when she acted like he did, making her lose sight of her own identity, childhood, innocence, and most importantly, joy in her life. She'd like nothing more than to turn his legacy to ash, if she could.
What Is This Feeling?: Raised without any affection, and not being allowed to have love interests, she truly doesn't understand what it means when she really starts to like main character, and it irritates her more than anything, to the point she wanted him to experience sex...
What Is This Thing You Call "Love"?: When she's trapped inside the "black ball" with main character, she asks him, point blank, what the meaning of the word "love" is, as she's lying down beside him. He answers honestly, and even posits examples of how "love" can be a bad thing. She praises his honesty, and then warns him to never, ever betray her.
When She Smiles: Her genuine smile of joy is so endearing, even main character is moved, and he's rightly terrified of her.
